You come to this section on miscellaneous topics where we would talk about a lot of different topics
in Jowa we would start with things like race.
We would we did things like enim where the argument is is garbage collection and initialization blocks
static Schley's the serialization and then we would look at what are the different things which would
happen as part of serialization.
These are kind of topics which do not fit in anywhere.
So what we decided to do is create this section called miscellaneous topics and discuss those questions
in this specific topic.
So let's get started with areas and slowly we would move on to other topics.
So what are the default values in an array.
So basically when you look at areas if you don't really initialize them with values then they would
have certain things called default value.
So here I am creating a mocs to an array.
I'm just saying it's 8.5 so integer array of five containing five elements.
So if you're looking I'm trying to print up a value box to have zero footprint of value zero.
So any area is initialized with default values.
So the default values are as shown here.
So for all the integer long by chart kind of things it's zero float zero point system for Boullion.
It's false.
However if it's an object.
So let's say there's a class and I'm creating objects or that particular class.
They'll all be assigned to null.
So you'd see that all the primitive values are initialized but not any objects.
If you find array consists of objects and you're creating an array with a few elements the objects are
not really in sheilas they would still be in the enhanced for loop is one of the easiest ways to loop
around there is so you do for a Mark Marks.
I mean that kind of the common thing.
So how do you can print the contents of an address.
So let's say I have an area and I would want to print the content to output or log or something of that.
And there are a few tricky things in here.
So let's discuss that right now.
So I have an array max 5.
And if I print it out the Prindle and modify what it print is not the content of the array but what
it really prints is where this area is in memory so it kind of prints the hash code or the hash code
for that particular area.
So if I really want to print the Mock's content like this I would need to use areas start to string
to string is this tactic method which is present in the base class.
So we need to use the areas that string method to print the content of error.
Let's say there is two damage Larry.
The There's a metrics.
So this metrics is a two dimensional matrix.
So I have this do that thing and I'm printing matics.
What does it print it print.
As I said Of course it's printing the what is the memory address or something of that kind.
So if you do resort to string on Matrix 3 what does it print it print the starting location of this
area and the starting location of this.
So it's printing these do stuff.
But if you really want to print the content of the areas you need to use something called Erris dark
deep blue string.
So that's what you'd need to use to print the content off of it.
So if you are really interested in printing the content of an area you need to use editor to bring or
edit the two string you to one area then you can go with it or string if it's a two dimensional array.
Then you need to go with that is start deep to string.
This always interesting question how do you really compare to this.
So the way you would compare arrays by using something called equal.
So this static method call equals in areas so these equals method is used to determine where the two
areas are equal.
Most important thing is two areas are equal.
Only if they contain the same element same numbers in all positions.
So it's like if let's say every one to three and the other one is three to one.
Then those are not really well.
So for areas to be equal they should have the elements same elements in all position to push in zero
one position to push in one.
It's two position to three.
And also the size of these two areas.
Number one and number three matter.
So when you say it is not equal to number one coming in but three to print.
So those are some of the interesting things about race.
What I would recommend you to do if you are interested is look at various examples in the workspace
you'd have any examples class has a lot of things about it.
So a lot of finer details about areas are declared or are explained in this thing.
So you can take a quick look on this as a exercise you can plan understand what's happening in there
and you can post any questions that you have on the form.
In this video you'll get a few questions around areas and we also look at where we can find more information
about race and what are the other things that you might be interested regarding Edwards ask for this
interview questions or concern.